We are committed to the notion
that everyone should have an opportunity
to participate in higher education,
whether it be from the learning perspective
or the research perspective
or an opportunity to work here
at this institution.
We're a leading university globally.
We want the best talent in the world
for our students, our staff, and our faculty
and we want to be sure
if that talent has a disability
that they know that we
are a welcoming community.
We're competing with other prestigious
and highly accomplished institutions.
We want to make sure that we can target
the right candidates
to join our community,
regardless of their disabilities.
We genuinely believe that
excellence is achieved through diversity
and that a commitment
to equity and inclusion
really enriches each of our lives.